--- Day 1: Calorie Counting ---
Santa's reindeer typically eat regular reindeer food, but they need a lot
of magical energy to deliver presents on Christmas. For that, their
favorite snack is a special type of star fruit that only grows deep in the
jungle. The Elves have brought you on their annual expedition to the grove
where the fruit grows.

圣诞老人的驯鹿通常吃普通的驯鹿食物，但他们需要大量的神奇能量来在圣诞节送出礼物。
为此，他们最喜欢的零食是一种特殊的杨桃，只生长在丛林深处。
精灵们每年都会带你们去生长这种水果的小树林探险。

To supply enough magical energy, the expedition needs to retrieve a minimum
of fifty stars by December 25th. Although the Elves assure you that the
grove has plenty of fruit, you decide to grab any fruit you see along the
way, just in case.

为了提供足够的魔法能量，探险队需要在12月25日之前取回至少50颗星星。
虽然精灵们向你保证小树林里有很多水果，但你还是决定抓起沿途看到的任何水果，以备不时之需。

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on
each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you
complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

通过解开谜题来收集星星。
在降临节日历的每一天，都会有两个谜题；
当你完成第一个谜题时，第二个谜题就会被解锁。
每个谜题可以获得一颗星星。祝您好运!

The jungle must be too overgrown and difficult to navigate in vehicles or
access from the air; the Elves' expedition traditionally goes on foot. As
your boats approach land, the Elves begin taking inventory of their
supplies. One important consideration is food - in particular, the number
of Calories each Elf is carrying (your puzzle input).

丛林一定是杂草丛生，难以用车辆导航或从空中进入；精灵们的探险队传统上都是步行的。
当你的船接近陆地时，精灵们开始清点他们的物资。
一个重要的考虑因素是食物--特别是每个精灵携带的卡路里数量（你的谜题输入）。

The Elves take turns writing down the number of Calories contained by the
various meals, snacks, rations, etc. that they've brought with them, one
item per line. Each Elf separates their own inventory from the previous
Elf's inventory (if any) by a blank line.

精灵们轮流写下他们所带的各种食物、零食、口粮等所含的卡路里数量，每行一个项目。
每个精灵用一条空行将自己的清单与前一个精灵的清单（如果有的话）分开。

For example, suppose the Elves finish writing their items' Calories and end
up with the following list:

例如，假设精灵们写完自己物品的卡路里，最后得到以下清单。

1000
2000
3000

4000

5000
6000

7000
8000
9000

10000

This list represents the Calories of the food carried by five Elves:

这个清单代表了五个精灵携带的食物的卡路里。

- The first Elf is carrying food with 1000, 2000, and 3000 Calories, a total of 6000 Calories.

第一个精灵携带的食物有1000、2000和3000卡路里，总共有6000卡路里。

- he second Elf is carrying one food item with 4000 Calories.

第二只精灵携带的食物有4000卡路里。

- The third Elf is carrying food with 5000 and 6000 Calories, a total of 11000 Calories.

第三只精灵携带的食物有5000和6000卡路里，共11000卡路里。

- The fourth Elf is carrying food with 7000, 8000, and 9000 Calories, a total of 24000 Calories.

第四只精灵携带的食物有7000、8000和9000卡路里，共24000卡路里。

- The fifth Elf is carrying one food item with 10000 Calories.

第五只精灵携带了一种食物，热量为10000卡路里。

In case the Elves get hungry and need extra snacks, they need to know which
Elf to ask: they'd like to know how many Calories are being carried by the
Elf carrying the most Calories. In the example above, this is 24000
(carried by the fourth Elf).

万一精灵们饿了，需要额外的零食，他们需要知道该问哪个精灵：
他们想知道携带热量最多的精灵携带了多少热量。
在上面的例子中，这就是24000（由第四只精灵携带）。

Find the Elf carrying the most Calories. How many total Calories is that
Elf carrying?

找到携带卡路里最多的那个精灵。这个精灵携带的总热量是多少？

Answer: 
